Of course so this lecture we're going to get a little bit closer although I'm going to show you how
to use some of the other features every marketing tool has its own centricity is not different in that
regard.
The way that you handle certain things is just a little on your own.
You waste a lot of time.
I'm sure you know how you handle that.
Now some of it is a little counterintuitive.
It's helpful for this lecture.
There is a lot going on in the long and you might not see that there's a ton of different things to
use.
You just have to know where to find it.
And the more you understand about this tool and the more things you can do with it the better you're
going to be with wireframe are successfully going to be pretty unbelievable.
Easy to understand easy to communicate.
All right.
It's good to see.
If you ever want to delete anything you just literally select it and just hit delete.
You can also right click and hit delete.
So another way of doing it.
So then I got to do this I can just grab them and delete that.
So this is pretty much your playground.
This is where you grab things and throw them in here and you can move them around in this area.
There's a lot of interesting interesting features in here and they try their best to simulate as many
things as possible.
So like for instance if you ever have sliders you know this would be something that someone would move
with their mouse or move their fingers.
More likely this is something you'd move with your fingers sliders in general and not use all the time
with web browsers.
You also have things like rating's So like where this is something that you would see on an app store
or an app icon or an app page I mean you see those quite a bit you see the Yelp page that's promoting
a business it cetera et cetera.
These are all very common elements that you would use when making a web site text input.
This is great if you're making a form.
So you know I could literally just throw a bunch of these on and it has automatic grid lines see what
that is what that does is it allows me to log in and have these line up on the fly because if I didn't
have those I would constantly be off a pixel and visually I might not notice that but so I can make
say a form and here what I would do is I'd use my custom text doesn't look like the right name so I'd
say first name and then I can do is I can use the grid lines See I can match it up again.
Now if I wanted to say modify the text here this dropdown gives me the options now options is pretty
much the way that you modify any element that's on the canvas so I could see a big font and there you
go.
Notice what happened here.
It's going to kick it down to a second line if you want it to keep it on the same line remember that
these are your boundary boxes.
Since this is tanks rolling into the old horizontal expansion.
So if I want to just keep it on all mine I just have to pull it out and it's automatically going to
put it back on the one line.
Then all I could do is grab it wind it back up.
There you go.
So now it's visually aligned.
You can tell that this is something that you type in to see as it has the icon that pops up when you
put your mouse over it.
And now this actually will have some functionality when you go to simulate this but we're going to talk
about interactivity much later in the course.
Right now we're just covering the basics how to use a canvas how to use the editor how to throw things
on the page and put things together very quickly if you wanted to duplicate any element on the page
without having to pull it over again say you typed out a paragraph early on to type it out again.
All you have to do is just copy and paste and then I can would use is drag.
See I have another one.
Other than that you have pretty much a basic editor tools up here in the navigation bar.
These are helpful.
So like zooming in and zooming out so you can kind of see your relationship and space expert gives you
a whole lot of options for how you want to show this.
Off We'll get into that later.
Same with Shell.
We're going to cover a lot of these actual features later to show you how useful they are.
Same thing with simulate one of the things that's great about Paducah.
That other ones don't actually have is that you can do undo your last action if you're on a PC that's
controls.
If you're on a Mac it's commands.
I can do this all day and it literally moves me back to the very beginning of my my wireframe which
is great.
And then I can literally go all the way back.
So it's always going to remember every single thing you did.
And that's one advantage of having this hosted in the cloud.
So I can go all the way back to where we were that's great if you're someone who makes mistakes constantly
like myself do that all the time.
Now stepping back a little bit if you wanted to say modified the size of this page.
Well you can do is you can come up and you can modify the actual test page page itself the way you do
that is just simply by pulling down your options and I could just change the width to whatever I wanted
it to make it a square.
So now we have a really odd kind of square shape.
Not sure what you would use this for but you can make it to whatever you want.
There's a specific resolution that you're building this for I always suggest that you make it in that
resolution.
There are multiple ways of going about making pages and making mockups if you follow later in the course
when I use bosonic as an example.
What I typically do is I use one very large canvas and make multiple screens and then save those as
one big image.
Now with Oko you are definitely not inclined to do that because of the way they've set this up it's
very easy to just create a new page as opposed to just copying pasting as putting it below it and then
making ever understand that you'd have a really big image with all of your web pages on it the way that
you would duplicate this is you literally just right click it or hit the options button and get clone
element.
OK so now I have a test page copy and it's the exact same if you've noticed.
So just to make a difference we can throw in some elements here just to see that they're different and
I can go back you can see test page copy test page.
Remember always label your pages otherwise you'll go crazy.
So yes this is my oath say it's the Coloe of last page.
This is helpful if you are making wire frames of the same things over and over again.
So let's say I wanted to start with a web page.
And now keep in mind the resolution for this is not correct on a web page but I'm just going to illustrate
my point with this weird resolution the way that you would do this.
For instance I could just create a header and let's say put an image up here member your logo is pretty
much always going to be at the top left that's one of the elements that people always use.
I can put that up there.
And let's see.
I put a navigation bar think I could create a navigation bar by say just putting some tabs in a row.
Now guys these are low fidelity wireframe so they're always going to look very ugly.
Any designer or developer will know this is a navigation bar.
If you really want to make them understand what you can do is you can say like add a rectangular space
behind it.
So what I would do is I get a static stencils pull this rectangle in.
OK.
And what I can do is I can see I can create a bar.
It's a little janky but it works.
You know what's going to happen is because the system uses layers when it moves over it's going to cover
up my tabs.
OK.
The way that you fix this is I want to then tell this to go backwards the way I do this is I simply
select the options for this element and then you have the option to say move it back.
You also bring different.
See what this means is that on the canvas that we're working on right now everything stacked basically
on top of each other.
And the system is keeping track of what's on top of what so that when they overlap it knows what to
show.
So what I would do is I'd give it a command to basically tell it hey I want this behind everything else
so I just click that and there you go.
Now you can see the rest of them.
I could shrink it so it makes it look a little bit better or whatever.
There we go.
OK so there's my navigation bar so I could say like I'm
say us
stuff because that's the whole point of making websites right.
OK.
And so I'm a perfectionist.
OK so now what I could do is say I created a page and that's my front first page is a page that everybody
sees and I see my page and then they want to go to about us and I want to create the About Us page.
What I could do is then instead of going and creating a new page I could just clone this one and then
start from scratch and then just basically delete the elements I don't want and then replace it.
So let's say that this was my welcome page so I could just say like you know welke
and so will make that really big.
OK so that's like my welcome page right now if I wanted to then create another sub page where I could
do I could just clone this.
So I go up here member clone element.
So now I have a clone of last page copy and then I can change this to say about us and I'd fill out
the rest of the page.
Right now you change your bounding boxes.
I guess I that if I wanted to go back I would just do that one.
So you remember again remember to label these every time you create a clone Otherwise you get this thing
where you're like.
So it's going to say clone of last page copy.
And if I do that over and over and be like clone of last page copy copy copy copy and I'm just no I
can't remember which one is which.
OK.
And then the last thing I want to show you in this lecture is over here is where are you going to handle
your layers in your interactions.
We're going to cover interactions much later in the course but layers are the way that you could create
things like global layers.
I'm going to cover that specifically in the next lecture but this is where you would say create multiple
layers and then activate them turn them off and create new ones delete them.
And that's just a tool to help you save time as you're making more wire for it.
OK so now you are familiar pretty much with how to get in here.
Log in throwing stuff on the page and the next lecture we're going to cover a little bit more about
how to get specific with specific skills and then later we're going to talk about for instance what
are elements that you always want to start with how to get the creative juices flowing.
Now we're pretty much just acquainted with how this works.
What Broughton's do roughly what you should be able to get in here and start playing with it.
But if you don't want to just jump in and start playing around for the next lectures and we'll start
getting into specific skills that are relevant to creating your web markup and your mobile markup.
All right so in the next lecture.